# My Application



The project is generated by [LoopBack](http://loopback.io).



heroku cloud 

https://elements.heroku.com/buildpacks/strongloop/strongloop-buildpacks












StrongLoop provides:

LoopBack, an open-source Node.js framework that enables you to create dynamic end-to-end REST APIs with little or no coding. For more information, see http://loopback.io.
StrongLoop Controller, a Node devops system. See StrongLoop Controller docs for more information.
StrongLoop Agent (StrongOps), an operational console for Node.js applications that provides deep performance monitoring including CPU profiling, event loop statistics, and more. See StrongLoop Agent docs for more information.
The StrongLoop Heroku Buildpack installs the StrongLoop Controller command-line tool (slc) and the add-on provisions a StrongOps monitoring account.

Prerequisites
Before starting, on your local system:

If you have not already done so, install Node.js : Download native installers for Windows or Mac OS; for Linux, see Installing Node.js via package manager.
Install StrongLoop software:
$  npm install -g strongloop
Make sure you have installed the Heroku Toolbelt.
Create your app
Follow the instructions in Getting started with LoopBack to create a LoopBack application.

Just enter:

$ slc loopback
You'll be prompted to pick a name and directory for the new application; for example, if you entered myapp for the application and directory name:

$ cd myapp
Update package.json to add the following line so the app will use the latest stable version of Node.js:

...
    "engines": {
        "node": "0.10.x"
    }
...
Then create a Git repository and commit your code:

$ git init
$ git add . 
$ git commit -m "init"
Heroku setup
Create a Procfile in the root directory of your app that contains the following:

web: slc run 
Make sure you add the Procfile to your repository:

$ git add Procfile 
$ git commit -m "adding Procfile"
Get the buildpack
Login with the Heroku command line:

$ heroku login
Create your Heroku app using the buildpack. When it completes, push to Heroku master to complete the installation of StrongLoop on your dyno.

$ heroku apps:create --buildpack https://github.com/strongloop/strongloop-buildpacks.git
$ git push heroku master
Test it out

$ heroku open



How to check your dashboard on Heroku
Once you have created your app, its time to look at the instrumentation. Navigate to the Heroku dashboard and find your app. Once you've found your app, click on Heroku app dashboard to view the various dynos and add-ons for your app. Click on the StrongLoop add-on to view the StrongOps Control Panel. The StrongLoop Ops dashboard is accessible by clicking on the grey button "StrongOps Dashboard".

The dashboard can also be accessed via the CLI:

$ heroku addons:open strongloop
Opening strongloop for sharp-mountain-4005…
Run your app in a cluster
To run your application in a cluster, update the start command in the Procfile:

$ web: slc run --cluster <n>
Where <n> is a postive integer indicating the number of worker processes to use.

Commit your changes and redeploy the app:

$ git add Procfile
$ git commit -m "Started clustered app" Procfile
$ git push heroku master
Once you have set this up, you can control the cluster through the StrongLoop dashboard: simply click on the Cluster tab.

Collect application metrics
To collect metrics to send to a StatsD server, update the start command in the Procfile:

$ web: slc run --metrics <statsd-url>
Where <statsd-url> is the URL of your StatsD server with format statsd:[//host[:port]][/scope].

Commit your changes and redeploy the app:

$ git add Procfile
$ git commit -m "Collect metrics using strong-agent" Procfile
$ git push heroku master
For more information on how to use the StrongLoop Agent API to get performance metrics, see On-premises monitoring.

Troubleshooting
After configuration, StrongOps is automatic. If you should experience any issues, please let us know immediately by email

Migrating between plans
NOTE: Carefully manage the migration timing to ensure proper application function during the migration process.

Use the heroku addons:upgrade command to migrate to a new plan.

$ heroku addons:upgrade strongloop:newplan
-----> Upgrading strongloop:newplan to sharp-mountain-4005... done, v18 ($49/mo)
       Your plan has been updated to: strongloop:newplan
Removing the add-on
Remove StrongOps with the following command.

WARNING: This will destroy all associated data and cannot be undone!

$ heroku addons:remove strongloop
-----> Removing strongloop from sharp-mountain-4005... done, v20 (free)
